sorcerer$2$Acid Arrow
wizard$2$Acid Arrow
sorcerer$6$Acid Fog
wizard$6$Acid Fog
sorcerer$0$Acid Splash
wizard$0$Acid Splash
cleric$2$Aid
cleric$4$Air Walk
druid$4$Air Walk
bard$1$Alarm
ranger$1$Alarm
sorcerer$1$Alarm
wizard$1$Alarm
cleric$2$Align Weapon
bard$2$Alter Self
sorcerer$2$Alter Self
wizard$2$Alter Self
bard$6$Analyze Dweomer
sorcerer$6$Analyze Dweomer
wizard$6$Analyze Dweomer
druid$5$Animal Growth
ranger$4$Animal Growth
sorcerer$5$Animal Growth
wizard$5$Animal Growth
bard$2$Animal Messenger
druid$2$Animal Messenger
ranger$1$Animal Messenger
druid$8$Animal Shapes
bard$2$Animal Trance
druid$2$Animal Trance
cleric$3$Animate Dead
sorcerer$4$Animate Dead
wizard$4$Animate Dead
bard$6$Animate Objects
cleric$6$Animate Objects
druid$7$Animate Plants
bard$1$Animate Rope
sorcerer$1$Animate Rope
wizard$1$Animate Rope
cleric$6$Antilife Shell
druid$6$Antilife Shell
cleric$8$Antimagic Field
sorcerer$6$Antimagic Field
wizard$6$Antimagic Field
druid$9$Antipathy
sorcerer$8$Antipathy
wizard$8$Antipathy
druid$4$Antiplant Shell
sorcerer$4$Arcane Eye
wizard$4$Arcane Eye
sorcerer$2$Arcane Lock
wizard$2$Arcane Lock
sorcerer$0$Arcane Mark
wizard$0$Arcane Mark
sorcerer$3$Arcane Sight
wizard$3$Arcane Sight
sorcerer$7$Arcane Sight, Greater
wizard$7$Arcane Sight, Greater
cleric$9$Astral Projection
sorcerer$9$Astral Projection
wizard$9$Astral Projection
cleric$5$Atonement
druid$5$Atonement
cleric$2$Augury
druid$5$Awaken
druid$5$Baleful Polymorph
sorcerer$5$Baleful Polymorph
wizard$5$Baleful Polymorph
cleric$1$Bane
cleric$6$Banishment
sorcerer$7$Banishment
wizard$7$Banishment
druid$2$Barkskin
ranger$2$Barkskin
cleric$3$Bestow Curse
sorcerer$4$Bestow Curse
wizard$4$Bestow Curse
sorcerer$8$Binding
wizard$8$Binding
sorcerer$4$Black Tentacles
wizard$4$Black Tentacles
cleric$6$Blade Barrier
cleric$7$Blasphemy
cleric$1$Bless
paladin$1$Bless
cleric$1$Bless Water
paladin$1$Bless Water
paladin$1$Bless Weapon
druid$4$Blight
sorcerer$5$Blight
wizard$5$Blight
bard$2$Blindness/Deafness
cleric$3$Blindness/Deafness
sorcerer$2$Blindness/Deafness
wizard$2$Blindness/Deafness
bard$3$Blink
sorcerer$3$Blink
wizard$3$Blink
bard$2$Blur
sorcerer$2$Blur
wizard$2$Blur
bard$4$Break Enchantment
cleric$5$Break Enchantment
paladin$4$Break Enchantment
sorcerer$5$Break Enchantment
wizard$5$Break Enchantment
sorcerer$1$Burning Hands
wizard$1$Burning Hands
druid$3$Call Lightning
druid$5$Call Lightning Storm
druid$1$Calm Animals
ranger$1$Calm Animals
bard$2$Calm Emotions
cleric$2$Calm Emotions
bard$1$Cause Fear
cleric$1$Cause Fear
sorcerer$1$Cause Fear
wizard$1$Cause Fear
sorcerer$6$Chain Lightning
wizard$6$Chain Lightning
druid$7$Changestaff
druid$1$Charm Animal
ranger$1$Charm Animal
bard$3$Charm Monster
sorcerer$4$Charm Monster
wizard$4$Charm Monster
bard$6$Charm Monster, Mass
sorcerer$8$Charm Monster, Mass
wizard$8$Charm Monster, Mass
bard$1$Charm Person
sorcerer$1$Charm Person
wizard$1$Charm Person
druid$2$Chill Metal
sorcerer$1$Chill Touch
wizard$1$Chill Touch
sorcerer$6$Circle of Death
wizard$6$Circle of Death
bard$3$Clairaudience/Clairvoyance
sorcerer$3$Clairaudience/Clairvoyance
wizard$3$Clairaudience/Clairvoyance
sorcerer$8$Clenched Fist
wizard$8$Clenched Fist
cleric$8$Cloak of Chaos
sorcerer$8$Clone
wizard$8$Clone
sorcerer$5$Cloudkill
wizard$5$Cloudkill
sorcerer$1$Color Spray
wizard$1$Color Spray
cleric$1$Command
cleric$5$Command, Greater
druid$4$Command Plants
ranger$3$Command Plants
sorcerer$2$Command Undead
wizard$2$Command Undead
cleric$5$Commune
druid$5$Commune with Nature
ranger$4$Commune with Nature
bard$1$Comprehend Languages
cleric$1$Comprehend Languages
sorcerer$1$Comprehend Languages
wizard$1$Comprehend Languages
sorcerer$5$Cone of Cold
wizard$5$Cone of Cold
bard$3$Confusion
sorcerer$4$Confusion
wizard$4$Confusion
bard$1$Confusion, Lesser
cleric$2$Consecrate
sorcerer$5$Contact Other Plane
wizard$5$Contact Other Plane
cleric$3$Contagion
druid$3$Contagion
sorcerer$4$Contagion
wizard$4$Contagion
sorcerer$6$Contingency
wizard$6$Contingency
cleric$3$Continual Flame
sorcerer$2$Continual Flame
wizard$2$Continual Flame
druid$8$Control Plants
sorcerer$7$Control Undead
wizard$7$Control Undead
cleric$4$Control Water
druid$4$Control Water
sorcerer$6$Control Water
wizard$6$Control Water
cleric$7$Control Weather
druid$7$Control Weather
sorcerer$7$Control Weather
wizard$7$Control Weather
druid$5$Control Winds
cleric$3$Create Food and Water
cleric$8$Create Greater Undead
sorcerer$8$Create Greater Undead
wizard$8$Create Greater Undead
cleric$6$Create Undead
sorcerer$6$Create Undead
wizard$6$Create Undead
cleric$0$Create Water
druid$0$Create Water
paladin$1$Create Water
druid$7$Creeping Doom
bard$3$Crushing Despair
sorcerer$4$Crushing Despair
wizard$4$Crushing Despair
sorcerer$9$Crushing Hand
wizard$9$Crushing Hand
bard$4$Cure Critical Wounds
cleric$4$Cure Critical Wounds
druid$5$Cure Critical Wounds
cleric$8$Cure Critical Wounds, Mass
druid$9$Cure Critical Wounds, Mass
bard$1$Cure Light Wounds
cleric$1$Cure Light Wounds
druid$1$Cure Light Wounds
paladin$1$Cure Light Wounds
ranger$2$Cure Light Wounds
bard$5$Cure Light Wounds, Mass
cleric$5$Cure Light Wounds, Mass
druid$6$Cure Light Wounds, Mass
cleric$0$Cure Minor Wounds
druid$0$Cure Minor Wounds
bard$2$Cure Moderate Wounds
cleric$2$Cure Moderate Wounds
druid$3$Cure Moderate Wounds
paladin$3$Cure Moderate Wounds
ranger$3$Cure Moderate Wounds
bard$6$Cure Moderate Wounds, Mass
cleric$6$Cure Moderate Wounds, Mass
druid$7$Cure Moderate Wounds, Mass
bard$3$Cure Serious Wounds
cleric$3$Cure Serious Wounds
druid$4$Cure Serious Wounds
paladin$4$Cure Serious Wounds
ranger$4$Cure Serious Wounds
cleric$7$Cure Serious Wounds, Mass
druid$8$Cure Serious Wounds, Mass
cleric$1$Curse Water
bard$0$Dancing Lights
sorcerer$0$Dancing Lights
wizard$0$Dancing Lights
bard$2$Darkness
cleric$2$Darkness
sorcerer$2$Darkness
wizard$2$Darkness
ranger$3$Darkvision
sorcerer$2$Darkvision
wizard$2$Darkvision
bard$3$Daylight
cleric$3$Daylight
druid$3$Daylight
paladin$3$Daylight
sorcerer$3$Daylight
wizard$3$Daylight
bard$0$Daze
sorcerer$0$Daze
wizard$0$Daze
bard$2$Daze Monster
sorcerer$2$Daze Monster
wizard$2$Daze Monster
cleric$2$Death Knell
cleric$4$Death Ward
druid$5$Death Ward
paladin$4$Death Ward
cleric$1$Deathwatch
bard$3$Deep Slumber
sorcerer$3$Deep Slumber
wizard$3$Deep Slumber
cleric$3$Deeper Darkness
bard$2$Delay Poison
cleric$2$Delay Poison
druid$2$Delay Poison
paladin$2$Delay Poison
ranger$1$Delay Poison
sorcerer$7$Delayed Blast Fireball
wizard$7$Delayed Blast Fireball
sorcerer$8$Demand
wizard$8$Demand
cleric$2$Desecrate
cleric$7$Destruction
druid$1$Detect Animals or Plants
ranger$1$Detect Animals or Plants
cleric$1$Detect Chaos
cleric$1$Detect Evil
cleric$1$Detect Good
cleric$1$Detect Law
bard$0$Detect Magic
cleric$0$Detect Magic
druid$0$Detect Magic
sorcerer$0$Detect Magic
wizard$0$Detect Magic
cleric$0$Detect Poison
druid$0$Detect Poison
paladin$1$Detect Poison
ranger$1$Detect Poison
sorcerer$0$Detect Poison
wizard$0$Detect Poison
bard$4$Detect Scrying
sorcerer$4$Detect Scrying
wizard$4$Detect Scrying
bard$1$Detect Secret Doors
sorcerer$1$Detect Secret Doors
wizard$1$Detect Secret Doors
druid$1$Detect Snares and Pits
ranger$1$Detect Snares and Pits
bard$2$Detect Thoughts
sorcerer$2$Detect Thoughts
wizard$2$Detect Thoughts
cleric$1$Detect Undead
paladin$1$Detect Undead
sorcerer$1$Detect Undead
wizard$1$Detect Undead
cleric$7$Dictum
bard$4$Dimension Door
sorcerer$4$Dimension Door
wizard$4$Dimension Door
cleric$4$Dimensional Anchor
sorcerer$4$Dimensional Anchor
wizard$4$Dimensional Anchor
cleric$8$Dimensional Lock
sorcerer$8$Dimensional Lock
wizard$8$Dimensional Lock
druid$3$Diminish Plants
ranger$3$Diminish Plants
cleric$4$Discern Lies
paladin$3$Discern Lies
cleric$8$Discern Location
sorcerer$8$Discern Location
wizard$8$Discern Location
bard$1$Disguise Self
sorcerer$1$Disguise Self
wizard$1$Disguise Self
sorcerer$6$Disintegrate
wizard$6$Disintegrate
cleric$4$Dismissal
sorcerer$5$Dismissal
wizard$5$Dismissal
cleric$5$Dispel Chaos
paladin$4$Dispel Chaos
cleric$5$Dispel Evil
paladin$4$Dispel Evil
cleric$5$Dispel Good
cleric$5$Dispel Law
bard$3$Dispel Magic
cleric$3$Dispel Magic
druid$4$Dispel Magic
paladin$3$Dispel Magic
sorcerer$3$Dispel Magic
wizard$3$Dispel Magic
bard$5$Dispel Magic, Greater
cleric$6$Dispel Magic, Greater
druid$6$Dispel Magic, Greater
sorcerer$6$Dispel Magic, Greater
wizard$6$Dispel Magic, Greater
bard$3$Displacement
sorcerer$3$Displacement
wizard$3$Displacement
sorcerer$0$Disrupt Undead
wizard$0$Disrupt Undead
cleric$5$Disrupting Weapon
cleric$4$Divination
cleric$1$Divine Favor
paladin$1$Divine Favor
cleric$4$Divine Power
druid$3$Dominate Animal
sorcerer$9$Dominate Monster
wizard$9$Dominate Monster
bard$4$Dominate Person
sorcerer$5$Dominate Person
wizard$5$Dominate Person
cleric$1$Doom
bard$5$Dream
sorcerer$5$Dream
wizard$5$Dream
cleric$8$Earthquake
druid$8$Earthquake
druid$9$Elemental Swarm
cleric$1$Endure Elements
druid$1$Endure Elements
paladin$1$Endure Elements
ranger$1$Endure Elements
sorcerer$1$Endure Elements
wizard$1$Endure Elements
cleric$9$Energy Drain
sorcerer$9$Energy Drain
wizard$9$Energy Drain
sorcerer$4$Enervation
wizard$4$Enervation
sorcerer$1$Enlarge Person
wizard$1$Enlarge Person
sorcerer$4$Enlarge Person, Mass
wizard$4$Enlarge Person, Mass
druid$1$Entangle
ranger$1$Entangle
bard$2$Enthrall
cleric$2$Enthrall
cleric$1$Entropic Shield
bard$1$Erase
sorcerer$1$Erase
wizard$1$Erase
cleric$7$Ethereal Jaunt
sorcerer$7$Ethereal Jaunt
wizard$7$Ethereal Jaunt
cleric$9$Etherealness
sorcerer$9$Etherealness
wizard$9$Etherealness
bard$1$Expeditious Retreat
sorcerer$1$Expeditious Retreat
wizard$1$Expeditious Retreat
sorcerer$3$Explosive Runes
wizard$3$Explosive Runes
bard$6$Eyebite
sorcerer$6$Eyebite
wizard$6$Eyebite
sorcerer$5$Fabricate
wizard$5$Fabricate
druid$1$Faerie Fire
sorcerer$2$False Life
wizard$2$False Life
bard$5$False Vision
sorcerer$5$False Vision
wizard$5$False Vision
bard$3$Fear
sorcerer$4$Fear
wizard$4$Fear
bard$1$Feather Fall
sorcerer$1$Feather Fall
wizard$1$Feather Fall
sorcerer$5$Feeblemind
wizard$5$Feeblemind
bard$6$Find the Path
cleric$6$Find the Path
druid$6$Find the Path
cleric$2$Find Traps
druid$8$Finger of Death
sorcerer$7$Finger of Death
wizard$7$Finger of Death
druid$6$Fire Seeds
sorcerer$4$Fire Shield
wizard$4$Fire Shield
cleric$8$Fire Storm
druid$7$Fire Storm
druid$2$Fire Trap
sorcerer$4$Fire Trap
wizard$4$Fire Trap
sorcerer$3$Fireball
wizard$3$Fireball
sorcerer$3$Flame Arrow
wizard$3$Flame Arrow
druid$2$Flame Blade
cleric$5$Flame Strike
druid$4$Flame Strike
druid$2$Flaming Sphere
sorcerer$2$Flaming Sphere
wizard$2$Flaming Sphere
bard$0$Flare
druid$0$Flare
sorcerer$0$Flare
wizard$0$Flare
sorcerer$6$Flesh to Stone
wizard$6$Flesh to Stone
sorcerer$3$Fly
wizard$3$Fly
sorcerer$1$Floating Disk
wizard$1$Floating Disk
druid$2$Fog Cloud
sorcerer$2$Fog Cloud
wizard$2$Fog Cloud
cleric$6$Forbiddance
sorcerer$7$Forcecage
wizard$7$Forcecage
sorcerer$6$Forceful Hand
wizard$6$Forceful Hand
druid$9$Foresight
sorcerer$9$Foresight
wizard$9$Foresight
sorcerer$9$Freedom
wizard$9$Freedom
bard$4$Freedom of Movement
cleric$4$Freedom of Movement
druid$4$Freedom of Movement
ranger$4$Freedom of Movement
sorcerer$6$Freezing Sphere
wizard$6$Freezing Sphere
bard$3$Gaseous Form
sorcerer$3$Gaseous Form
wizard$3$Gaseous Form
cleric$9$Gate
sorcerer$9$Gate
wizard$9$Gate
bard$6$Geas/Quest
cleric$6$Geas/Quest
sorcerer$6$Geas/Quest
wizard$6$Geas/Quest
bard$3$Geas, Lesser
sorcerer$4$Geas, Lesser
wizard$4$Geas, Lesser
cleric$2$Gentle Repose
sorcerer$3$Gentle Repose
wizard$3$Gentle Repose
bard$0$Ghost Sound
sorcerer$0$Ghost Sound
wizard$0$Ghost Sound
sorcerer$2$Ghoul Touch
wizard$2$Ghoul Touch
cleric$4$Giant Vermin
druid$4$Giant Vermin
bard$3$Glibness
bard$2$Glitterdust
sorcerer$2$Glitterdust
wizard$2$Glitterdust
sorcerer$6$Globe of Invulnerability
wizard$6$Globe of Invulnerability
sorcerer$4$Globe of Invulnerability, Lesser
wizard$4$Globe of Invulnerability, Lesser
cleric$3$Glyph of Warding
cleric$6$Glyph of Warding, Greater
druid$1$Goodberry
bard$3$Good Hope
sorcerer$7$Grasping Hand
wizard$7$Grasping Hand
bard$1$Grease
sorcerer$1$Grease
wizard$1$Grease
sorcerer$6$Guards and Wards
wizard$6$Guards and Wards
cleric$0$Guidance
druid$0$Guidance
druid$2$Gust of Wind
sorcerer$2$Gust of Wind
wizard$2$Gust of Wind
cleric$5$Hallow
druid$5$Hallow
bard$4$Hallucinatory Terrain
sorcerer$4$Hallucinatory Terrain
wizard$4$Hallucinatory Terrain
sorcerer$3$Halt Undead
wizard$3$Halt Undead
cleric$6$Harm
bard$3$Haste
sorcerer$3$Haste
wizard$3$Haste
cleric$6$Heal
druid$7$Heal
cleric$9$Heal, Mass
paladin$3$Heal Mount
druid$2$Heat Metal
cleric$3$Helping Hand
bard$2$Heroism
sorcerer$3$Heroism
wizard$3$Heroism
bard$5$Heroism, Greater
sorcerer$6$Heroism, Greater
wizard$6$Heroism, Greater
druid$1$Hide from Animals
ranger$1$Hide from Animals
cleric$1$Hide from Undead
bard$1$Hideous Laughter
sorcerer$2$Hideous Laughter
wizard$2$Hideous Laughter
druid$2$Hold Animal
ranger$2$Hold Animal
bard$4$Hold Monster
sorcerer$5$Hold Monster
wizard$5$Hold Monster
sorcerer$9$Hold Monster, Mass
wizard$9$Hold Monster, Mass
bard$2$Hold Person
cleric$2$Hold Person
sorcerer$3$Hold Person
wizard$3$Hold Person
sorcerer$7$Hold Person, Mass
wizard$7$Hold Person, Mass
sorcerer$1$Hold Portal
wizard$1$Hold Portal
cleric$8$Holy Aura
paladin$4$Holy Sword
cleric$7$Holy Word
sorcerer$8$Horrid Wilting
wizard$8$Horrid Wilting
bard$2$Hypnotic Pattern
sorcerer$2$Hypnotic Pattern
wizard$2$Hypnotic Pattern
bard$1$Hypnotism
sorcerer$1$Hypnotism
wizard$1$Hypnotism
druid$4$Ice Storm
sorcerer$4$Ice Storm
wizard$4$Ice Storm
bard$1$Identify
sorcerer$1$Identify
wizard$1$Identify
bard$3$Illusory Script
sorcerer$3$Illusory Script
wizard$3$Illusory Script
sorcerer$4$Illusory Wall
wizard$4$Illusory Wall
cleric$4$Imbue with Spell Ability
cleric$9$Implosion
sorcerer$9$Imprisonment
wizard$9$Imprisonment
sorcerer$8$Incendiary Cloud
wizard$8$Incendiary Cloud
cleric$4$Inflict Critical Wounds
cleric$8$Inflict Critical Wounds, Mass
cleric$1$Inflict Light Wounds
cleric$5$Inflict Light Wounds, Mass
cleric$0$Inflict Minor Wounds
cleric$2$Inflict Moderate Wounds
cleric$6$Inflict Moderate Wounds, Mass
cleric$3$Inflict Serious Wounds
cleric$7$Inflict Serious Wounds, Mass
sorcerer$7$Insanity
wizard$7$Insanity
cleric$5$Insect Plague
druid$5$Insect Plague
sorcerer$7$Instant Summons
wizard$7$Instant Summons
sorcerer$5$Interposing Hand
wizard$5$Interposing Hand
bard$2$Invisibility
sorcerer$2$Invisibility
wizard$2$Invisibility
bard$4$Invisibility, Greater
sorcerer$4$Invisibility, Greater
wizard$4$Invisibility, Greater
sorcerer$7$Invisibility, Mass
wizard$7$Invisibility, Mass
cleric$3$Invisibility Purge
bard$3$Invisibility Sphere
sorcerer$3$Invisibility Sphere
wizard$3$Invisibility Sphere
sorcerer$8$Iron Body
wizard$8$Iron Body
druid$6$Ironwood
bard$6$Irresistible Dance
sorcerer$8$Irresistible Dance
wizard$8$Irresistible Dance
druid$1$Jump
ranger$1$Jump
sorcerer$1$Jump
wizard$1$Jump
sorcerer$3$Keen Edge
wizard$3$Keen Edge
sorcerer$2$Knock
wizard$2$Knock
bard$0$Know Direction
druid$0$Know Direction
bard$4$Legend Lore
sorcerer$6$Legend Lore
wizard$6$Legend Lore
sorcerer$2$Levitate
wizard$2$Levitate
bard$0$Light
cleric$0$Light
druid$0$Light
sorcerer$0$Light
wizard$0$Light
sorcerer$3$Lightning Bolt
wizard$3$Lightning Bolt
sorcerer$7$Limited Wish
wizard$7$Limited Wish
druid$6$Liveoak
bard$4$Locate Creature
sorcerer$4$Locate Creature
wizard$4$Locate Creature
bard$2$Locate Object
cleric$3$Locate Object
sorcerer$2$Locate Object
wizard$2$Locate Object
druid$1$Longstrider
ranger$1$Longstrider
bard$0$Lullaby
sorcerer$1$Mage Armor
wizard$1$Mage Armor
bard$0$Mage Hand
sorcerer$0$Mage Hand
wizard$0$Mage Hand
bard$1$Magic Aura
sorcerer$1$Magic Aura
wizard$1$Magic Aura
cleric$3$Magic Circle against Chaos
paladin$3$Magic Circle against Chaos
sorcerer$3$Magic Circle against Chaos
wizard$3$Magic Circle against Chaos
cleric$3$Magic Circle against Evil
paladin$3$Magic Circle against Evil
sorcerer$3$Magic Circle against Evil
wizard$3$Magic Circle against Evil
cleric$3$Magic Circle against Good
sorcerer$3$Magic Circle against Good
wizard$3$Magic Circle against Good
cleric$3$Magic Circle against Law
sorcerer$3$Magic Circle against Law
wizard$3$Magic Circle against Law
druid$1$Magic Fang
ranger$1$Magic Fang
druid$3$Magic Fang, Greater
ranger$3$Magic Fang, Greater
sorcerer$5$Magic Jar
wizard$5$Magic Jar
sorcerer$1$Magic Missile
wizard$1$Magic Missile
bard$1$Magic Mouth
sorcerer$2$Magic Mouth
wizard$2$Magic Mouth
cleric$1$Magic Stone
druid$1$Magic Stone
cleric$3$Magic Vestment
cleric$1$Magic Weapon
paladin$1$Magic Weapon
sorcerer$1$Magic Weapon
wizard$1$Magic Weapon
cleric$4$Magic Weapon, Greater
paladin$3$Magic Weapon, Greater
sorcerer$3$Magic Weapon, Greater
wizard$3$Magic Weapon, Greater
sorcerer$5$Major Creation
wizard$5$Major Creation
bard$3$Major Image
sorcerer$3$Major Image
wizard$3$Major Image
cleric$2$Make Whole
cleric$5$Mark of Justice
paladin$4$Mark of Justice
sorcerer$8$Maze
wizard$8$Maze
cleric$3$Meld into Stone
druid$3$Meld into Stone
bard$0$Mending
cleric$0$Mending
druid$0$Mending
sorcerer$0$Mending
wizard$0$Mending
bard$0$Message
sorcerer$0$Message
wizard$0$Message
sorcerer$9$Meteor Swarm
wizard$9$Meteor Swarm
sorcerer$8$Mind Blank
wizard$8$Mind Blank
bard$5$Mind Fog
sorcerer$5$Mind Fog
wizard$5$Mind Fog
sorcerer$4$Minor Creation
wizard$4$Minor Creation
bard$2$Minor Image
sorcerer$2$Minor Image
wizard$2$Minor Image
cleric$9$Miracle
bard$5$Mirage Arcana
sorcerer$5$Mirage Arcana
wizard$5$Mirage Arcana
bard$2$Mirror Image
sorcerer$2$Mirror Image
wizard$2$Mirror Image
bard$2$Misdirection
sorcerer$2$Misdirection
wizard$2$Misdirection
bard$5$Mislead
sorcerer$6$Mislead
wizard$6$Mislead
bard$4$Modify Memory
sorcerer$8$Moment of Prescience
wizard$8$Moment of Prescience
sorcerer$1$Mount
wizard$1$Mount
druid$6$Move Earth
sorcerer$6$Move Earth
wizard$6$Move Earth
bard$4$Neutralize Poison
cleric$4$Neutralize Poison
druid$3$Neutralize Poison
paladin$4$Neutralize Poison
ranger$3$Neutralize Poison
bard$5$Nightmare
sorcerer$5$Nightmare
wizard$5$Nightmare
ranger$4$Nondetection
sorcerer$3$Nondetection
wizard$3$Nondetection
bard$1$Obscure Object
cleric$3$Obscure Object
sorcerer$2$Obscure Object
wizard$2$Obscure Object
cleric$1$Obscuring Mist
druid$1$Obscuring Mist
sorcerer$1$Obscuring Mist
wizard$1$Obscuring Mist
bard$0$Open/Close
sorcerer$0$Open/Close
wizard$0$Open/Close
sorcerer$5$Overland Flight
wizard$5$Overland Flight
sorcerer$5$Passwall
wizard$5$Passwall
druid$1$Pass without Trace
ranger$1$Pass without Trace
sorcerer$5$Permanency
wizard$5$Permanency
bard$6$Permanent Image
sorcerer$6$Permanent Image
wizard$6$Permanent Image
bard$5$Persistent Image
sorcerer$5$Persistent Image
wizard$5$Persistent Image
sorcerer$4$Phantasmal Killer
wizard$4$Phantasmal Killer
bard$3$Phantom Steed
sorcerer$3$Phantom Steed
wizard$3$Phantom Steed
sorcerer$2$Phantom Trap
wizard$2$Phantom Trap
sorcerer$7$Phase Door
wizard$7$Phase Door
cleric$6$Planar Ally
cleric$8$Planar Ally, Greater
cleric$4$Planar Ally, Lesser
sorcerer$6$Planar Binding
wizard$6$Planar Binding
sorcerer$8$Planar Binding, Greater
wizard$8$Planar Binding, Greater
sorcerer$5$Planar Binding, Lesser
wizard$5$Planar Binding, Lesser
cleric$5$Plane Shift
sorcerer$7$Plane Shift
wizard$7$Plane Shift
druid$3$Plant Growth
ranger$3$Plant Growth
cleric$4$Poison
druid$3$Poison
sorcerer$8$Polar Ray
wizard$8$Polar Ray
sorcerer$4$Polymorph
wizard$4$Polymorph
sorcerer$8$Polymorph Any Object
wizard$8$Polymorph Any Object
sorcerer$7$Power Word Blind
wizard$7$Power Word Blind
sorcerer$9$Power Word Kill
wizard$9$Power Word Kill
sorcerer$8$Power Word Stun
wizard$8$Power Word Stun
cleric$3$Prayer
paladin$3$Prayer
bard$0$Prestidigitation
sorcerer$0$Prestidigitation
wizard$0$Prestidigitation
sorcerer$9$Prismatic Sphere
wizard$9$Prismatic Sphere
sorcerer$7$Prismatic Spray
wizard$7$Prismatic Spray
sorcerer$8$Prismatic Wall
wizard$8$Prismatic Wall
druid$1$Produce Flame
bard$6$Programmed Image
sorcerer$6$Programmed Image
wizard$6$Programmed Image
bard$6$Project Image
sorcerer$7$Project Image
wizard$7$Project Image
sorcerer$2$Protection from Arrows
wizard$2$Protection from Arrows
cleric$1$Protection from Chaos
paladin$1$Protection from Chaos
sorcerer$1$Protection from Chaos
wizard$1$Protection from Chaos
cleric$3$Protection from Energy
druid$3$Protection from Energy
ranger$2$Protection from Energy
sorcerer$3$Protection from Energy
wizard$3$Protection from Energy
cleric$1$Protection from Evil
paladin$1$Protection from Evil
sorcerer$1$Protection from Evil
wizard$1$Protection from Evil
cleric$1$Protection from Good
sorcerer$1$Protection from Good
wizard$1$Protection from Good
cleric$1$Protection from Law
sorcerer$1$Protection from Law
wizard$1$Protection from Law
sorcerer$8$Protection from Spells
wizard$8$Protection from Spells
sorcerer$5$Prying Eyes
wizard$5$Prying Eyes
sorcerer$8$Prying Eyes, Greater
wizard$8$Prying Eyes, Greater
cleric$0$Purify Food and Drink
druid$0$Purify Food and Drink
bard$2$Pyrotechnics
sorcerer$2$Pyrotechnics
wizard$2$Pyrotechnics
druid$3$Quench
bard$2$Rage
sorcerer$3$Rage
wizard$3$Rage
bard$4$Rainbow Pattern
sorcerer$4$Rainbow Pattern
wizard$4$Rainbow Pattern
cleric$5$Raise Dead
sorcerer$1$Ray of Enfeeblement
wizard$1$Ray of Enfeeblement
sorcerer$3$Ray of Exhaustion
wizard$3$Ray of Exhaustion
sorcerer$0$Ray of Frost
wizard$0$Ray of Frost
bard$0$Read Magic
cleric$0$Read Magic
druid$0$Read Magic
paladin$1$Read Magic
ranger$1$Read Magic
sorcerer$0$Read Magic
wizard$0$Read Magic
druid$2$Reduce Animal
ranger$3$Reduce Animal
sorcerer$1$Reduce Person
wizard$1$Reduce Person
sorcerer$4$Reduce Person, Mass
wizard$4$Reduce Person, Mass
cleric$7$Refuge
sorcerer$9$Refuge
wizard$9$Refuge
cleric$7$Regenerate
druid$9$Regenerate
druid$4$Reincarnate
cleric$3$Remove Blindness/Deafness
paladin$3$Remove Blindness/Deafness
bard$3$Remove Curse
cleric$3$Remove Curse
paladin$3$Remove Curse
sorcerer$4$Remove Curse
wizard$4$Remove Curse
cleric$3$Remove Disease
druid$3$Remove Disease
ranger$3$Remove Disease
bard$1$Remove Fear
cleric$1$Remove Fear
cleric$2$Remove Paralysis
paladin$2$Remove Paralysis
druid$8$Repel Metal or Stone
bard$4$Repel Vermin
cleric$4$Repel Vermin
druid$4$Repel Vermin
ranger$3$Repel Vermin
druid$6$Repel Wood
cleric$7$Repulsion
sorcerer$6$Repulsion
wizard$6$Repulsion
sorcerer$4$Resilient Sphere
wizard$4$Resilient Sphere
bard$0$Resistance
cleric$0$Resistance
druid$0$Resistance
paladin$1$Resistance
sorcerer$0$Resistance
wizard$0$Resistance
cleric$2$Resist Energy
druid$2$Resist Energy
paladin$2$Resist Energy
ranger$1$Resist Energy
sorcerer$2$Resist Energy
wizard$2$Resist Energy
cleric$4$Restoration
paladin$4$Restoration
cleric$7$Restoration, Greater
cleric$2$Restoration, Lesser
druid$2$Restoration, Lesser
paladin$1$Restoration, Lesser
cleric$7$Resurrection
druid$8$Reverse Gravity
sorcerer$7$Reverse Gravity
wizard$7$Reverse Gravity
cleric$5$Righteous Might
sorcerer$2$Rope Trick
wizard$2$Rope Trick
druid$4$Rusting Grasp
cleric$1$Sanctuary
bard$2$Scare
sorcerer$2$Scare
wizard$2$Scare
sorcerer$8$Scintillating Pattern
wizard$8$Scintillating Pattern
sorcerer$2$Scorching Ray
wizard$2$Scorching Ray
sorcerer$8$Screen
wizard$8$Screen
bard$3$Scrying
cleric$5$Scrying
druid$4$Scrying
sorcerer$4$Scrying
wizard$4$Scrying
bard$6$Scrying, Greater
cleric$7$Scrying, Greater
druid$7$Scrying, Greater
sorcerer$7$Scrying, Greater
wizard$7$Scrying, Greater
bard$3$Sculpt Sound
cleric$3$Searing Light
sorcerer$5$Secret Chest
wizard$5$Secret Chest
bard$3$Secret Page
sorcerer$3$Secret Page
wizard$3$Secret Page
bard$4$Secure Shelter
sorcerer$4$Secure Shelter
wizard$4$Secure Shelter
bard$3$See Invisibility
sorcerer$2$See Invisibility
wizard$2$See Invisibility
bard$5$Seeming
sorcerer$5$Seeming
wizard$5$Seeming
cleric$4$Sending
sorcerer$5$Sending
wizard$5$Sending
bard$3$Sepia Snake Sigil
sorcerer$3$Sepia Snake Sigil
wizard$3$Sepia Snake Sigil
sorcerer$7$Sequester
wizard$7$Sequester
sorcerer$9$Shades
wizard$9$Shades
bard$4$Shadow Conjuration
sorcerer$4$Shadow Conjuration
wizard$4$Shadow Conjuration
sorcerer$7$Shadow Conjuration, Greater
wizard$7$Shadow Conjuration, Greater
bard$5$Shadow Evocation
sorcerer$5$Shadow Evocation
wizard$5$Shadow Evocation
sorcerer$8$Shadow Evocation, Greater
wizard$8$Shadow Evocation, Greater
bard$5$Shadow Walk
sorcerer$6$Shadow Walk
wizard$6$Shadow Walk
druid$9$Shambler
druid$9$Shapechange
sorcerer$9$Shapechange
wizard$9$Shapechange
bard$2$Shatter
cleric$2$Shatter
sorcerer$2$Shatter
wizard$2$Shatter
sorcerer$1$Shield
wizard$1$Shield
cleric$1$Shield of Faith
cleric$8$Shield of Law
cleric$2$Shield Other
paladin$2$Shield Other
druid$1$Shillelagh
sorcerer$1$Shocking Grasp
wizard$1$Shocking Grasp
bard$4$Shout
sorcerer$4$Shout
wizard$4$Shout
bard$6$Shout, Greater
sorcerer$8$Shout, Greater
wizard$8$Shout, Greater
sorcerer$3$Shrink Item
wizard$3$Shrink Item
bard$2$Silence
cleric$2$Silence
bard$1$Silent Image
sorcerer$1$Silent Image
wizard$1$Silent Image
sorcerer$7$Simulacrum
wizard$7$Simulacrum
cleric$5$Slay Living
bard$1$Sleep
sorcerer$1$Sleep
wizard$1$Sleep
druid$3$Sleet Storm
sorcerer$3$Sleet Storm
wizard$3$Sleet Storm
bard$3$Slow
sorcerer$3$Slow
wizard$3$Slow
ranger$2$Snare
druid$3$Snare
druid$2$Soften Earth and Stone
sorcerer$4$Solid Fog
wizard$4$Solid Fog
bard$5$Song of Discord
cleric$9$Soul Bind
sorcerer$9$Soul Bind
wizard$9$Soul Bind
bard$2$Sound Burst
cleric$2$Sound Burst
bard$3$Speak with Animals
druid$1$Speak with Animals
ranger$1$Speak with Animals
cleric$3$Speak with Dead
bard$4$Speak with Plants
druid$3$Speak with Plants
ranger$2$Speak with Plants
sorcerer$2$Spectral Hand
wizard$2$Spectral Hand
cleric$4$Spell Immunity
cleric$8$Spell Immunity, Greater
cleric$5$Spell Resistance
druid$6$Spellstaff
sorcerer$7$Spell Turning
wizard$7$Spell Turning
druid$2$Spider Climb
sorcerer$2$Spider Climb
wizard$2$Spider Climb
druid$3$Spike Growth
ranger$2$Spike Growth
druid$4$Spike Stones
cleric$2$Spiritual Weapon
sorcerer$7$Statue
wizard$7$Statue
cleric$2$Status
sorcerer$3$Stinking Cloud
wizard$3$Stinking Cloud
cleric$3$Stone Shape
druid$3$Stone Shape
sorcerer$4$Stone Shape
wizard$4$Stone Shape
druid$5$Stoneskin
sorcerer$4$Stoneskin
wizard$4$Stoneskin
druid$6$Stone Tell
sorcerer$6$Stone to Flesh
wizard$6$Stone to Flesh
druid$9$Storm of Vengeance
cleric$9$Storm of Vengeance
bard$2$Suggestion
sorcerer$3$Suggestion
wizard$3$Suggestion
bard$5$Suggestion, Mass
sorcerer$6$Suggestion, Mass
wizard$6$Suggestion, Mass
bard$0$Summon Instrument
bard$1$Summon Monster I
cleric$1$Summon Monster I
sorcerer$1$Summon Monster I
wizard$1$Summon Monster I
bard$2$Summon Monster II
cleric$2$Summon Monster II
sorcerer$2$Summon Monster II
wizard$2$Summon Monster II
bard$3$Summon Monster III
cleric$3$Summon Monster III
sorcerer$3$Summon Monster III
wizard$3$Summon Monster III
bard$4$Summon Monster IV
cleric$4$Summon Monster IV
sorcerer$4$Summon Monster IV
wizard$4$Summon Monster IV
bard$5$Summon Monster V
cleric$5$Summon Monster V
sorcerer$5$Summon Monster V
wizard$5$Summon Monster V
bard$6$Summon Monster VI
cleric$6$Summon Monster VI
sorcerer$6$Summon Monster VI
wizard$6$Summon Monster VI
cleric$7$Summon Monster VII
sorcerer$7$Summon Monster VII
wizard$7$Summon Monster VII
cleric$8$Summon Monster VIII
sorcerer$8$Summon Monster VIII
wizard$8$Summon Monster VIII
cleric$9$Summon Monster IX
sorcerer$9$Summon Monster IX
wizard$9$Summon Monster IX
bard$2$Summon Swarm
druid$2$Summon Swarm
sorcerer$2$Summon Swarm
wizard$2$Summon Swarm
druid$7$Sunbeam
druid$8$Sunburst
sorcerer$8$Sunburst
wizard$8$Sunburst
cleric$8$Symbol of Death
sorcerer$8$Symbol of Death
wizard$8$Symbol of Death
cleric$6$Symbol of Fear
sorcerer$6$Symbol of Fear
wizard$6$Symbol of Fear
cleric$8$Symbol of Insanity
sorcerer$8$Symbol of Insanity
wizard$8$Symbol of Insanity
cleric$5$Symbol of Pain
sorcerer$5$Symbol of Pain
wizard$5$Symbol of Pain
cleric$6$Symbol of Persuasion
sorcerer$6$Symbol of Persuasion
wizard$6$Symbol of Persuasion
cleric$5$Symbol of Sleep
sorcerer$5$Symbol of Sleep
wizard$5$Symbol of Sleep
cleric$7$Symbol of Stunning
sorcerer$7$Symbol of Stunning
wizard$7$Symbol of Stunning
cleric$7$Symbol of Weakness
sorcerer$7$Symbol of Weakness
wizard$7$Symbol of Weakness
bard$6$Sympathetic Vibration
druid$9$Sympathy
sorcerer$8$Sympathy
wizard$8$Sympathy
sorcerer$5$Telekinesis
wizard$5$Telekinesis
sorcerer$8$Telekinetic Sphere
wizard$8$Telekinetic Sphere
sorcerer$5$Telepathic Bond
wizard$5$Telepathic Bond
sorcerer$5$Teleport
wizard$5$Teleport
sorcerer$7$Teleport Object
wizard$7$Teleport Object
sorcerer$7$Teleport, Greater
wizard$7$Teleport, Greater
sorcerer$9$Teleportation Circle
wizard$9$Teleportation Circle
sorcerer$8$Temporal Stasis
wizard$8$Temporal Stasis
sorcerer$9$Time Stop
wizard$9$Time Stop
bard$3$Tiny Hut
sorcerer$3$Tiny Hut
wizard$3$Tiny Hut
bard$2$Tongues
cleric$4$Tongues
sorcerer$3$Tongues
wizard$3$Tongues
sorcerer$0$Touch of Fatigue
wizard$0$Touch of Fatigue
sorcerer$2$Touch of Idiocy
wizard$2$Touch of Idiocy
sorcerer$6$Transformation
wizard$6$Transformation
druid$7$Transmute Metal to Wood
druid$5$Transmute Mud to Rock
sorcerer$5$Transmute Mud to Rock
wizard$5$Transmute Mud to Rock
druid$5$Transmute Rock to Mud
sorcerer$5$Transmute Rock to Mud
wizard$5$Transmute Rock to Mud
druid$6$Transport via Plants
sorcerer$8$Trap the Soul
wizard$8$Trap the Soul
druid$2$Tree Shape
ranger$3$Tree Shape
druid$5$Tree Stride
ranger$4$Tree Stride
cleric$9$True Resurrection
cleric$5$True Seeing
druid$7$True Seeing
sorcerer$6$True Seeing
wizard$6$True Seeing
sorcerer$1$True Strike
wizard$1$True Strike
cleric$6$Undeath to Death
sorcerer$6$Undeath to Death
wizard$6$Undeath to Death
bard$1$Undetectable Alignment
cleric$2$Undetectable Alignment
paladin$2$Undetectable Alignment
cleric$5$Unhallow
druid$5$Unhallow
cleric$8$Unholy Aura
bard$1$Unseen Servant
sorcerer$1$Unseen Servant
wizard$1$Unseen Servant
sorcerer$3$Vampiric Touch
wizard$3$Vampiric Touch
bard$6$Veil
sorcerer$6$Veil
wizard$6$Veil
bard$1$Ventriloquism
sorcerer$1$Ventriloquism
wizard$1$Ventriloquism
cleric$0$Virtue
druid$0$Virtue
paladin$1$Virtue
sorcerer$7$Vision
wizard$7$Vision
sorcerer$9$Wail of the Banshee
wizard$9$Wail of the Banshee
druid$5$Wall of Fire
sorcerer$4$Wall of Fire
wizard$4$Wall of Fire
sorcerer$5$Wall of Force
wizard$5$Wall of Force
sorcerer$4$Wall of Ice
wizard$4$Wall of Ice
sorcerer$6$Wall of Iron
wizard$6$Wall of Iron
cleric$5$Wall of Stone
druid$6$Wall of Stone
sorcerer$5$Wall of Stone
wizard$5$Wall of Stone
druid$5$Wall of Thorns
druid$2$Warp Wood
cleric$3$Water Breathing
druid$3$Water Breathing
sorcerer$3$Water Breathing
wizard$3$Water Breathing
cleric$3$Water Walk
ranger$3$Water Walk
sorcerer$7$Waves of Exhaustion
wizard$7$Waves of Exhaustion
sorcerer$5$Waves of Fatigue
wizard$5$Waves of Fatigue
sorcerer$2$Web
wizard$2$Web
sorcerer$9$Weird
wizard$9$Weird
druid$8$Whirlwind
bard$2$Whispering Wind
sorcerer$2$Whispering Wind
wizard$2$Whispering Wind
cleric$6$Wind Walk
druid$7$Wind Walk
cleric$3$Wind Wall
druid$3$Wind Wall
ranger$2$Wind Wall
sorcerer$3$Wind Wall
wizard$3$Wind Wall
sorcerer$9$Wish
wizard$9$Wish
druid$2$Wood Shape
cleric$7$Word of Chaos
cleric$6$Word of Recall
druid$8$Word of Recall
bard$4$Zone of Silence
cleric$2$Zone of Truth
paladin$2$Zone of Truth
sorcerer$2$Acid Arrow
wizard$2$Acid Arrow
sorcerer$6$Acid Fog
wizard$6$Acid Fog
sorcerer$0$Acid Splash
wizard$0$Acid Splash
cleric$2$Aid
cleric$4$Air Walk
druid$4$Air Walk
bard$1$Alarm
ranger$1$Alarm
sorcerer$1$Alarm
wizard$1$Alarm
cleric$2$Align Weapon
bard$2$Alter Self
sorcerer$2$Alter Self
wizard$2$Alter Self
bard$6$Analyze Dweomer
sorcerer$6$Analyze Dweomer
wizard$6$Analyze Dweomer
druid$5$Animal Growth
ranger$4$Animal Growth
sorcerer$5$Animal Growth
wizard$5$Animal Growth
bard$2$Animal Messenger
druid$2$Animal Messenger
ranger$1$Animal Messenger
druid$8$Animal Shapes
bard$2$Animal Trance
druid$2$Animal Trance
cleric$3$Animate Dead
sorcerer$4$Animate Dead
wizard$4$Animate Dead
bard$6$Animate Objects
cleric$6$Animate Objects
druid$7$Animate Plants
bard$1$Animate Rope
sorcerer$1$Animate Rope
wizard$1$Animate Rope
cleric$6$Antilife Shell
druid$6$Antilife Shell
cleric$8$Antimagic Field
sorcerer$6$Antimagic Field
wizard$6$Antimagic Field
druid$9$Antipathy
sorcerer$8$Antipathy
wizard$8$Antipathy
druid$4$Antiplant Shell
sorcerer$4$Arcane Eye
wizard$4$Arcane Eye
sorcerer$2$Arcane Lock
wizard$2$Arcane Lock
sorcerer$0$Arcane Mark
wizard$0$Arcane Mark
sorcerer$3$Arcane Sight
wizard$3$Arcane Sight
sorcerer$7$Arcane Sight, Greater
wizard$7$Arcane Sight, Greater
cleric$9$Astral Projection
sorcerer$9$Astral Projection
wizard$9$Astral Projection
cleric$5$Atonement
druid$5$Atonement
cleric$2$Augury
druid$5$Awaken
druid$5$Baleful Polymorph
sorcerer$5$Baleful Polymorph
wizard$5$Baleful Polymorph
cleric$1$Bane
cleric$6$Banishment
sorcerer$7$Banishment
wizard$7$Banishment
druid$2$Barkskin
ranger$2$Barkskin
cleric$3$Bestow Curse
sorcerer$4$Bestow Curse
wizard$4$Bestow Curse
sorcerer$8$Binding
wizard$8$Binding
sorcerer$4$Black Tentacles
wizard$4$Black Tentacles
cleric$6$Blade Barrier
cleric$7$Blasphemy
cleric$1$Bless
paladin$1$Bless
cleric$1$Bless Water
paladin$1$Bless Water
paladin$1$Bless Weapon
druid$4$Blight
sorcerer$5$Blight
wizard$5$Blight
bard$2$Blindness/Deafness
cleric$3$Blindness/Deafness
sorcerer$2$Blindness/Deafness
wizard$2$Blindness/Deafness
bard$3$Blink
sorcerer$3$Blink
wizard$3$Blink
bard$2$Blur
sorcerer$2$Blur
wizard$2$Blur
bard$4$Break Enchantment
cleric$5$Break Enchantment
paladin$4$Break Enchantment
sorcerer$5$Break Enchantment
wizard$5$Break Enchantment
sorcerer$1$Burning Hands
wizard$1$Burning Hands
druid$3$Call Lightning
druid$5$Call Lightning Storm
druid$1$Calm Animals
ranger$1$Calm Animals
bard$2$Calm Emotions
cleric$2$Calm Emotions
bard$1$Cause Fear
cleric$1$Cause Fear
sorcerer$1$Cause Fear
wizard$1$Cause Fear
sorcerer$6$Chain Lightning
wizard$6$Chain Lightning
druid$7$Changestaff
druid$1$Charm Animal
ranger$1$Charm Animal
bard$3$Charm Monster
sorcerer$4$Charm Monster
wizard$4$Charm Monster
bard$6$Charm Monster, Mass
sorcerer$8$Charm Monster, Mass
wizard$8$Charm Monster, Mass
bard$1$Charm Person
sorcerer$1$Charm Person
wizard$1$Charm Person
druid$2$Chill Metal
sorcerer$1$Chill Touch
wizard$1$Chill Touch
sorcerer$6$Circle of Death
wizard$6$Circle of Death
bard$3$Clairaudience/Clairvoyance
sorcerer$3$Clairaudience/Clairvoyance
wizard$3$Clairaudience/Clairvoyance
sorcerer$8$Clenched Fist
wizard$8$Clenched Fist
cleric$8$Cloak of Chaos
sorcerer$8$Clone
wizard$8$Clone
sorcerer$5$Cloudkill
wizard$5$Cloudkill
sorcerer$1$Color Spray
wizard$1$Color Spray
cleric$1$Command
cleric$5$Command, Greater
druid$4$Command Plants
ranger$3$Command Plants
sorcerer$2$Command Undead
wizard$2$Command Undead
cleric$5$Commune
druid$5$Commune with Nature
ranger$4$Commune with Nature
bard$1$Comprehend Languages
cleric$1$Comprehend Languages
sorcerer$1$Comprehend Languages
wizard$1$Comprehend Languages
sorcerer$5$Cone of Cold
wizard$5$Cone of Cold
bard$3$Confusion
sorcerer$4$Confusion
wizard$4$Confusion
bard$1$Confusion, Lesser
cleric$2$Consecrate
sorcerer$5$Contact Other Plane
wizard$5$Contact Other Plane
cleric$3$Contagion
druid$3$Contagion
sorcerer$4$Contagion
wizard$4$Contagion
sorcerer$6$Contingency
wizard$6$Contingency
cleric$3$Continual Flame
sorcerer$2$Continual Flame
wizard$2$Continual Flame
druid$8$Control Plants
sorcerer$7$Control Undead
wizard$7$Control Undead
cleric$4$Control Water
druid$4$Control Water
sorcerer$6$Control Water
wizard$6$Control Water
cleric$7$Control Weather
druid$7$Control Weather
sorcerer$7$Control Weather
wizard$7$Control Weather
druid$5$Control Winds
cleric$3$Create Food and Water
cleric$8$Create Greater Undead
sorcerer$8$Create Greater Undead
wizard$8$Create Greater Undead
cleric$6$Create Undead
sorcerer$6$Create Undead
wizard$6$Create Undead
cleric$0$Create Water
druid$0$Create Water
paladin$1$Create Water
druid$7$Creeping Doom
bard$3$Crushing Despair
sorcerer$4$Crushing Despair
wizard$4$Crushing Despair
sorcerer$9$Crushing Hand
wizard$9$Crushing Hand
bard$4$Cure Critical Wounds
cleric$4$Cure Critical Wounds
druid$5$Cure Critical Wounds
cleric$8$Cure Critical Wounds, Mass
druid$9$Cure Critical Wounds, Mass
bard$1$Cure Light Wounds
cleric$1$Cure Light Wounds
druid$1$Cure Light Wounds
paladin$1$Cure Light Wounds
ranger$2$Cure Light Wounds
bard$5$Cure Light Wounds, Mass
cleric$5$Cure Light Wounds, Mass
druid$6$Cure Light Wounds, Mass
cleric$0$Cure Minor Wounds
druid$0$Cure Minor Wounds
bard$2$Cure Moderate Wounds
cleric$2$Cure Moderate Wounds
druid$3$Cure Moderate Wounds
paladin$3$Cure Moderate Wounds
ranger$3$Cure Moderate Wounds
bard$6$Cure Moderate Wounds, Mass
cleric$6$Cure Moderate Wounds, Mass
druid$7$Cure Moderate Wounds, Mass
bard$3$Cure Serious Wounds
cleric$3$Cure Serious Wounds
druid$4$Cure Serious Wounds
paladin$4$Cure Serious Wounds
ranger$4$Cure Serious Wounds
cleric$7$Cure Serious Wounds, Mass
druid$8$Cure Serious Wounds, Mass
cleric$1$Curse Water
bard$0$Dancing Lights
sorcerer$0$Dancing Lights
wizard$0$Dancing Lights
bard$2$Darkness
cleric$2$Darkness
sorcerer$2$Darkness
wizard$2$Darkness
ranger$3$Darkvision
sorcerer$2$Darkvision
wizard$2$Darkvision
bard$3$Daylight
cleric$3$Daylight
druid$3$Daylight
paladin$3$Daylight
sorcerer$3$Daylight
wizard$3$Daylight
bard$0$Daze
sorcerer$0$Daze
wizard$0$Daze
bard$2$Daze Monster
sorcerer$2$Daze Monster
wizard$2$Daze Monster
cleric$2$Death Knell
cleric$4$Death Ward
druid$5$Death Ward
paladin$4$Death Ward
cleric$1$Deathwatch
bard$3$Deep Slumber
sorcerer$3$Deep Slumber
wizard$3$Deep Slumber
cleric$3$Deeper Darkness
bard$2$Delay Poison
cleric$2$Delay Poison
druid$2$Delay Poison
paladin$2$Delay Poison
ranger$1$Delay Poison
sorcerer$7$Delayed Blast Fireball
wizard$7$Delayed Blast Fireball
sorcerer$8$Demand
wizard$8$Demand
cleric$2$Desecrate
cleric$7$Destruction
druid$1$Detect Animals or Plants
ranger$1$Detect Animals or Plants
cleric$1$Detect Chaos
cleric$1$Detect Evil
cleric$1$Detect Good
cleric$1$Detect Law
bard$0$Detect Magic
cleric$0$Detect Magic
druid$0$Detect Magic
sorcerer$0$Detect Magic
wizard$0$Detect Magic
cleric$0$Detect Poison
druid$0$Detect Poison
paladin$1$Detect Poison
ranger$1$Detect Poison
sorcerer$0$Detect Poison
wizard$0$Detect Poison
bard$4$Detect Scrying
sorcerer$4$Detect Scrying
wizard$4$Detect Scrying
bard$1$Detect Secret Doors
sorcerer$1$Detect Secret Doors
wizard$1$Detect Secret Doors
druid$1$Detect Snares and Pits
ranger$1$Detect Snares and Pits
bard$2$Detect Thoughts
sorcerer$2$Detect Thoughts
wizard$2$Detect Thoughts
cleric$1$Detect Undead
paladin$1$Detect Undead
sorcerer$1$Detect Undead
wizard$1$Detect Undead
cleric$7$Dictum
bard$4$Dimension Door
sorcerer$4$Dimension Door
wizard$4$Dimension Door
cleric$4$Dimensional Anchor
sorcerer$4$Dimensional Anchor
wizard$4$Dimensional Anchor
cleric$8$Dimensional Lock
sorcerer$8$Dimensional Lock
wizard$8$Dimensional Lock
druid$3$Diminish Plants
ranger$3$Diminish Plants
cleric$4$Discern Lies
paladin$3$Discern Lies
cleric$8$Discern Location
sorcerer$8$Discern Location
wizard$8$Discern Location
bard$1$Disguise Self
sorcerer$1$Disguise Self
wizard$1$Disguise Self
sorcerer$6$Disintegrate
wizard$6$Disintegrate
cleric$4$Dismissal
sorcerer$5$Dismissal
wizard$5$Dismissal
cleric$5$Dispel Chaos
paladin$4$Dispel Chaos
cleric$5$Dispel Evil
paladin$4$Dispel Evil
cleric$5$Dispel Good
cleric$5$Dispel Law
bard$3$Dispel Magic
cleric$3$Dispel Magic
druid$4$Dispel Magic
paladin$3$Dispel Magic
sorcerer$3$Dispel Magic
wizard$3$Dispel Magic
bard$5$Dispel Magic, Greater
cleric$6$Dispel Magic, Greater
druid$6$Dispel Magic, Greater
sorcerer$6$Dispel Magic, Greater
wizard$6$Dispel Magic, Greater
bard$3$Displacement
sorcerer$3$Displacement
wizard$3$Displacement
sorcerer$0$Disrupt Undead
wizard$0$Disrupt Undead
cleric$5$Disrupting Weapon
cleric$4$Divination
cleric$1$Divine Favor
paladin$1$Divine Favor
cleric$4$Divine Power
druid$3$Dominate Animal
sorcerer$9$Dominate Monster
wizard$9$Dominate Monster
bard$4$Dominate Person
sorcerer$5$Dominate Person
wizard$5$Dominate Person
cleric$1$Doom
bard$5$Dream
sorcerer$5$Dream
wizard$5$Dream
cleric$8$Earthquake
druid$8$Earthquake
druid$9$Elemental Swarm
cleric$1$Endure Elements
druid$1$Endure Elements
paladin$1$Endure Elements
ranger$1$Endure Elements
sorcerer$1$Endure Elements
wizard$1$Endure Elements
cleric$9$Energy Drain
sorcerer$9$Energy Drain
wizard$9$Energy Drain
sorcerer$4$Enervation
wizard$4$Enervation
sorcerer$1$Enlarge Person
wizard$1$Enlarge Person
sorcerer$4$Enlarge Person, Mass
wizard$4$Enlarge Person, Mass
druid$1$Entangle
ranger$1$Entangle
bard$2$Enthrall
cleric$2$Enthrall
cleric$1$Entropic Shield
bard$1$Erase
sorcerer$1$Erase
wizard$1$Erase
cleric$7$Ethereal Jaunt
sorcerer$7$Ethereal Jaunt
wizard$7$Ethereal Jaunt
cleric$9$Etherealness
sorcerer$9$Etherealness
wizard$9$Etherealness
bard$1$Expeditious Retreat
sorcerer$1$Expeditious Retreat
wizard$1$Expeditious Retreat
sorcerer$3$Explosive Runes
wizard$3$Explosive Runes
bard$6$Eyebite
sorcerer$6$Eyebite
wizard$6$Eyebite
sorcerer$5$Fabricate
wizard$5$Fabricate
druid$1$Faerie Fire
sorcerer$2$False Life
wizard$2$False Life
bard$5$False Vision
sorcerer$5$False Vision
wizard$5$False Vision
bard$3$Fear
sorcerer$4$Fear
wizard$4$Fear
bard$1$Feather Fall
sorcerer$1$Feather Fall
wizard$1$Feather Fall
sorcerer$5$Feeblemind
wizard$5$Feeblemind
bard$6$Find the Path
cleric$6$Find the Path
druid$6$Find the Path
cleric$2$Find Traps
druid$8$Finger of Death
sorcerer$7$Finger of Death
wizard$7$Finger of Death
druid$6$Fire Seeds
sorcerer$4$Fire Shield
wizard$4$Fire Shield
cleric$8$Fire Storm
druid$7$Fire Storm
druid$2$Fire Trap
sorcerer$4$Fire Trap
wizard$4$Fire Trap
sorcerer$3$Fireball
wizard$3$Fireball
sorcerer$3$Flame Arrow
wizard$3$Flame Arrow
druid$2$Flame Blade
cleric$5$Flame Strike
druid$4$Flame Strike
druid$2$Flaming Sphere
sorcerer$2$Flaming Sphere
wizard$2$Flaming Sphere
bard$0$Flare
druid$0$Flare
sorcerer$0$Flare
wizard$0$Flare
sorcerer$6$Flesh to Stone
wizard$6$Flesh to Stone
sorcerer$3$Fly
wizard$3$Fly
sorcerer$1$Floating Disk
wizard$1$Floating Disk
druid$2$Fog Cloud
sorcerer$2$Fog Cloud
wizard$2$Fog Cloud
cleric$6$Forbiddance
sorcerer$7$Forcecage
wizard$7$Forcecage
sorcerer$6$Forceful Hand
wizard$6$Forceful Hand
druid$9$Foresight
sorcerer$9$Foresight
wizard$9$Foresight
sorcerer$9$Freedom
wizard$9$Freedom
bard$4$Freedom of Movement
cleric$4$Freedom of Movement
druid$4$Freedom of Movement
ranger$4$Freedom of Movement
sorcerer$6$Freezing Sphere
wizard$6$Freezing Sphere
bard$3$Gaseous Form
sorcerer$3$Gaseous Form
wizard$3$Gaseous Form
cleric$9$Gate
sorcerer$9$Gate
wizard$9$Gate
bard$6$Geas/Quest
cleric$6$Geas/Quest
sorcerer$6$Geas/Quest
wizard$6$Geas/Quest
bard$3$Geas, Lesser
sorcerer$4$Geas, Lesser
wizard$4$Geas, Lesser
cleric$2$Gentle Repose
sorcerer$3$Gentle Repose
wizard$3$Gentle Repose
bard$0$Ghost Sound
sorcerer$0$Ghost Sound
wizard$0$Ghost Sound
sorcerer$2$Ghoul Touch
wizard$2$Ghoul Touch
cleric$4$Giant Vermin
druid$4$Giant Vermin
bard$3$Glibness
bard$2$Glitterdust
sorcerer$2$Glitterdust
wizard$2$Glitterdust
sorcerer$6$Globe of Invulnerability
wizard$6$Globe of Invulnerability
sorcerer$4$Globe of Invulnerability, Lesser
wizard$4$Globe of Invulnerability, Lesser
cleric$3$Glyph of Warding
cleric$6$Glyph of Warding, Greater
druid$1$Goodberry
bard$3$Good Hope
sorcerer$7$Grasping Hand
wizard$7$Grasping Hand
bard$1$Grease
sorcerer$1$Grease
wizard$1$Grease
sorcerer$6$Guards and Wards
wizard$6$Guards and Wards
cleric$0$Guidance
druid$0$Guidance
druid$2$Gust of Wind
sorcerer$2$Gust of Wind
wizard$2$Gust of Wind
cleric$5$Hallow
druid$5$Hallow
bard$4$Hallucinatory Terrain
sorcerer$4$Hallucinatory Terrain
wizard$4$Hallucinatory Terrain
sorcerer$3$Halt Undead
wizard$3$Halt Undead
cleric$6$Harm
bard$3$Haste
sorcerer$3$Haste
wizard$3$Haste
cleric$6$Heal
druid$7$Heal
cleric$9$Heal, Mass
paladin$3$Heal Mount
druid$2$Heat Metal
cleric$3$Helping Hand
bard$2$Heroism
sorcerer$3$Heroism
wizard$3$Heroism
bard$5$Heroism, Greater
sorcerer$6$Heroism, Greater
wizard$6$Heroism, Greater
druid$1$Hide from Animals
ranger$1$Hide from Animals
cleric$1$Hide from Undead
bard$1$Hideous Laughter
sorcerer$2$Hideous Laughter
wizard$2$Hideous Laughter
druid$2$Hold Animal
ranger$2$Hold Animal
bard$4$Hold Monster
sorcerer$5$Hold Monster
wizard$5$Hold Monster
sorcerer$9$Hold Monster, Mass
wizard$9$Hold Monster, Mass
bard$2$Hold Person
cleric$2$Hold Person
sorcerer$3$Hold Person
wizard$3$Hold Person
sorcerer$7$Hold Person, Mass
wizard$7$Hold Person, Mass
sorcerer$1$Hold Portal
wizard$1$Hold Portal
cleric$8$Holy Aura
paladin$4$Holy Sword
cleric$7$Holy Word
sorcerer$8$Horrid Wilting
wizard$8$Horrid Wilting
bard$2$Hypnotic Pattern
sorcerer$2$Hypnotic Pattern
wizard$2$Hypnotic Pattern
bard$1$Hypnotism
sorcerer$1$Hypnotism
wizard$1$Hypnotism
druid$4$Ice Storm
sorcerer$4$Ice Storm
wizard$4$Ice Storm
bard$1$Identify
sorcerer$1$Identify
wizard$1$Identify
bard$3$Illusory Script
sorcerer$3$Illusory Script
wizard$3$Illusory Script
sorcerer$4$Illusory Wall
wizard$4$Illusory Wall
cleric$4$Imbue with Spell Ability
cleric$9$Implosion
sorcerer$9$Imprisonment
wizard$9$Imprisonment
sorcerer$8$Incendiary Cloud
wizard$8$Incendiary Cloud
cleric$4$Inflict Critical Wounds
cleric$8$Inflict Critical Wounds, Mass
cleric$1$Inflict Light Wounds
cleric$5$Inflict Light Wounds, Mass
cleric$0$Inflict Minor Wounds
cleric$2$Inflict Moderate Wounds
cleric$6$Inflict Moderate Wounds, Mass
cleric$3$Inflict Serious Wounds
cleric$7$Inflict Serious Wounds, Mass
sorcerer$7$Insanity
wizard$7$Insanity
cleric$5$Insect Plague
druid$5$Insect Plague
sorcerer$7$Instant Summons
wizard$7$Instant Summons
sorcerer$5$Interposing Hand
wizard$5$Interposing Hand
bard$2$Invisibility
sorcerer$2$Invisibility
wizard$2$Invisibility
bard$4$Invisibility, Greater
sorcerer$4$Invisibility, Greater
wizard$4$Invisibility, Greater
sorcerer$7$Invisibility, Mass
wizard$7$Invisibility, Mass
cleric$3$Invisibility Purge
bard$3$Invisibility Sphere
sorcerer$3$Invisibility Sphere
wizard$3$Invisibility Sphere
sorcerer$8$Iron Body
wizard$8$Iron Body
druid$6$Ironwood
bard$6$Irresistible Dance
sorcerer$8$Irresistible Dance
wizard$8$Irresistible Dance
druid$1$Jump
ranger$1$Jump
sorcerer$1$Jump
wizard$1$Jump
sorcerer$3$Keen Edge
wizard$3$Keen Edge
sorcerer$2$Knock
wizard$2$Knock
bard$0$Know Direction
druid$0$Know Direction
bard$4$Legend Lore
sorcerer$6$Legend Lore
wizard$6$Legend Lore
sorcerer$2$Levitate
wizard$2$Levitate
bard$0$Light
cleric$0$Light
druid$0$Light
sorcerer$0$Light
wizard$0$Light
sorcerer$3$Lightning Bolt
wizard$3$Lightning Bolt
sorcerer$7$Limited Wish
wizard$7$Limited Wish
druid$6$Liveoak
bard$4$Locate Creature
sorcerer$4$Locate Creature
wizard$4$Locate Creature
bard$2$Locate Object
cleric$3$Locate Object
sorcerer$2$Locate Object
wizard$2$Locate Object
druid$1$Longstrider
ranger$1$Longstrider
bard$0$Lullaby
sorcerer$1$Mage Armor
wizard$1$Mage Armor
bard$0$Mage Hand
sorcerer$0$Mage Hand
wizard$0$Mage Hand
bard$1$Magic Aura
sorcerer$1$Magic Aura
wizard$1$Magic Aura
cleric$3$Magic Circle against Chaos
paladin$3$Magic Circle against Chaos
sorcerer$3$Magic Circle against Chaos
wizard$3$Magic Circle against Chaos
cleric$3$Magic Circle against Evil
paladin$3$Magic Circle against Evil
sorcerer$3$Magic Circle against Evil
wizard$3$Magic Circle against Evil
cleric$3$Magic Circle against Good
sorcerer$3$Magic Circle against Good
wizard$3$Magic Circle against Good
cleric$3$Magic Circle against Law
sorcerer$3$Magic Circle against Law
wizard$3$Magic Circle against Law
druid$1$Magic Fang
ranger$1$Magic Fang
druid$3$Magic Fang, Greater
ranger$3$Magic Fang, Greater
sorcerer$5$Magic Jar
wizard$5$Magic Jar
sorcerer$1$Magic Missile
wizard$1$Magic Missile
bard$1$Magic Mouth
sorcerer$2$Magic Mouth
wizard$2$Magic Mouth
cleric$1$Magic Stone
druid$1$Magic Stone
cleric$3$Magic Vestment
cleric$1$Magic Weapon
paladin$1$Magic Weapon
sorcerer$1$Magic Weapon
wizard$1$Magic Weapon
cleric$4$Magic Weapon, Greater
paladin$3$Magic Weapon, Greater
sorcerer$3$Magic Weapon, Greater
wizard$3$Magic Weapon, Greater
sorcerer$5$Major Creation
wizard$5$Major Creation
bard$3$Major Image
sorcerer$3$Major Image
wizard$3$Major Image
cleric$2$Make Whole
cleric$5$Mark of Justice
paladin$4$Mark of Justice
sorcerer$8$Maze
wizard$8$Maze
cleric$3$Meld into Stone
druid$3$Meld into Stone
bard$0$Mending
cleric$0$Mending
druid$0$Mending
sorcerer$0$Mending
wizard$0$Mending
bard$0$Message
sorcerer$0$Message
wizard$0$Message
sorcerer$9$Meteor Swarm
wizard$9$Meteor Swarm
sorcerer$8$Mind Blank
wizard$8$Mind Blank
bard$5$Mind Fog
sorcerer$5$Mind Fog
wizard$5$Mind Fog
sorcerer$4$Minor Creation
wizard$4$Minor Creation
bard$2$Minor Image
sorcerer$2$Minor Image
wizard$2$Minor Image
cleric$9$Miracle
bard$5$Mirage Arcana
sorcerer$5$Mirage Arcana
wizard$5$Mirage Arcana
bard$2$Mirror Image
sorcerer$2$Mirror Image
wizard$2$Mirror Image
bard$2$Misdirection
sorcerer$2$Misdirection
wizard$2$Misdirection
bard$5$Mislead
sorcerer$6$Mislead
wizard$6$Mislead
bard$4$Modify Memory
sorcerer$8$Moment of Prescience
wizard$8$Moment of Prescience
sorcerer$1$Mount
wizard$1$Mount
druid$6$Move Earth
sorcerer$6$Move Earth
wizard$6$Move Earth
bard$4$Neutralize Poison
cleric$4$Neutralize Poison
druid$3$Neutralize Poison
paladin$4$Neutralize Poison
ranger$3$Neutralize Poison
bard$5$Nightmare
sorcerer$5$Nightmare
wizard$5$Nightmare
ranger$4$Nondetection
sorcerer$3$Nondetection
wizard$3$Nondetection
bard$1$Obscure Object
cleric$3$Obscure Object
sorcerer$2$Obscure Object
wizard$2$Obscure Object
cleric$1$Obscuring Mist
druid$1$Obscuring Mist
sorcerer$1$Obscuring Mist
wizard$1$Obscuring Mist
bard$0$Open/Close
sorcerer$0$Open/Close
wizard$0$Open/Close
sorcerer$5$Overland Flight
wizard$5$Overland Flight
sorcerer$5$Passwall
wizard$5$Passwall
druid$1$Pass without Trace
ranger$1$Pass without Trace
sorcerer$5$Permanency
wizard$5$Permanency
bard$6$Permanent Image
sorcerer$6$Permanent Image
wizard$6$Permanent Image
bard$5$Persistent Image
sorcerer$5$Persistent Image
wizard$5$Persistent Image
sorcerer$4$Phantasmal Killer
wizard$4$Phantasmal Killer
bard$3$Phantom Steed
sorcerer$3$Phantom Steed
wizard$3$Phantom Steed
sorcerer$2$Phantom Trap
wizard$2$Phantom Trap
sorcerer$7$Phase Door
wizard$7$Phase Door
cleric$6$Planar Ally
cleric$8$Planar Ally, Greater
cleric$4$Planar Ally, Lesser
sorcerer$6$Planar Binding
wizard$6$Planar Binding
sorcerer$8$Planar Binding, Greater
wizard$8$Planar Binding, Greater
sorcerer$5$Planar Binding, Lesser
wizard$5$Planar Binding, Lesser
cleric$5$Plane Shift
sorcerer$7$Plane Shift
wizard$7$Plane Shift
druid$3$Plant Growth
ranger$3$Plant Growth
cleric$4$Poison
druid$3$Poison
sorcerer$8$Polar Ray
wizard$8$Polar Ray
sorcerer$4$Polymorph
wizard$4$Polymorph
sorcerer$8$Polymorph Any Object
wizard$8$Polymorph Any Object
sorcerer$7$Power Word Blind
wizard$7$Power Word Blind
sorcerer$9$Power Word Kill
wizard$9$Power Word Kill
sorcerer$8$Power Word Stun
wizard$8$Power Word Stun
cleric$3$Prayer
paladin$3$Prayer
bard$0$Prestidigitation
sorcerer$0$Prestidigitation
wizard$0$Prestidigitation
sorcerer$9$Prismatic Sphere
wizard$9$Prismatic Sphere
sorcerer$7$Prismatic Spray
wizard$7$Prismatic Spray
sorcerer$8$Prismatic Wall
wizard$8$Prismatic Wall
druid$1$Produce Flame
bard$6$Programmed Image
sorcerer$6$Programmed Image
wizard$6$Programmed Image
bard$6$Project Image
sorcerer$7$Project Image
wizard$7$Project Image
sorcerer$2$Protection from Arrows
wizard$2$Protection from Arrows
cleric$1$Protection from Chaos
paladin$1$Protection from Chaos
sorcerer$1$Protection from Chaos
wizard$1$Protection from Chaos
cleric$3$Protection from Energy
druid$3$Protection from Energy
ranger$2$Protection from Energy
sorcerer$3$Protection from Energy
wizard$3$Protection from Energy
cleric$1$Protection from Evil
paladin$1$Protection from Evil
sorcerer$1$Protection from Evil
wizard$1$Protection from Evil
cleric$1$Protection from Good
sorcerer$1$Protection from Good
wizard$1$Protection from Good
cleric$1$Protection from Law
sorcerer$1$Protection from Law
wizard$1$Protection from Law
sorcerer$8$Protection from Spells
wizard$8$Protection from Spells
sorcerer$5$Prying Eyes
wizard$5$Prying Eyes
sorcerer$8$Prying Eyes, Greater
wizard$8$Prying Eyes, Greater
cleric$0$Purify Food and Drink
druid$0$Purify Food and Drink
bard$2$Pyrotechnics
sorcerer$2$Pyrotechnics
wizard$2$Pyrotechnics
druid$3$Quench
bard$2$Rage
sorcerer$3$Rage
wizard$3$Rage
bard$4$Rainbow Pattern
sorcerer$4$Rainbow Pattern
wizard$4$Rainbow Pattern
cleric$5$Raise Dead
sorcerer$1$Ray of Enfeeblement
wizard$1$Ray of Enfeeblement
sorcerer$3$Ray of Exhaustion
wizard$3$Ray of Exhaustion
sorcerer$0$Ray of Frost
wizard$0$Ray of Frost
bard$0$Read Magic
cleric$0$Read Magic
druid$0$Read Magic
paladin$1$Read Magic
ranger$1$Read Magic
sorcerer$0$Read Magic
wizard$0$Read Magic
druid$2$Reduce Animal
ranger$3$Reduce Animal
sorcerer$1$Reduce Person
wizard$1$Reduce Person
sorcerer$4$Reduce Person, Mass
wizard$4$Reduce Person, Mass
cleric$7$Refuge
sorcerer$9$Refuge
wizard$9$Refuge
cleric$7$Regenerate
druid$9$Regenerate
druid$4$Reincarnate
cleric$3$Remove Blindness/Deafness
paladin$3$Remove Blindness/Deafness
bard$3$Remove Curse
cleric$3$Remove Curse
paladin$3$Remove Curse
sorcerer$4$Remove Curse
wizard$4$Remove Curse
cleric$3$Remove Disease
druid$3$Remove Disease
ranger$3$Remove Disease
bard$1$Remove Fear
cleric$1$Remove Fear
cleric$2$Remove Paralysis
paladin$2$Remove Paralysis
druid$8$Repel Metal or Stone
bard$4$Repel Vermin
cleric$4$Repel Vermin
druid$4$Repel Vermin
ranger$3$Repel Vermin
druid$6$Repel Wood
cleric$7$Repulsion
sorcerer$6$Repulsion
wizard$6$Repulsion
sorcerer$4$Resilient Sphere
wizard$4$Resilient Sphere
bard$0$Resistance
cleric$0$Resistance
druid$0$Resistance
paladin$1$Resistance
sorcerer$0$Resistance
wizard$0$Resistance
cleric$2$Resist Energy
druid$2$Resist Energy
paladin$2$Resist Energy
ranger$1$Resist Energy
sorcerer$2$Resist Energy
wizard$2$Resist Energy
cleric$4$Restoration
paladin$4$Restoration
cleric$7$Restoration, Greater
cleric$2$Restoration, Lesser
druid$2$Restoration, Lesser
paladin$1$Restoration, Lesser
cleric$7$Resurrection
druid$8$Reverse Gravity
sorcerer$7$Reverse Gravity
wizard$7$Reverse Gravity
cleric$5$Righteous Might
sorcerer$2$Rope Trick
wizard$2$Rope Trick
druid$4$Rusting Grasp
cleric$1$Sanctuary
bard$2$Scare
sorcerer$2$Scare
wizard$2$Scare
sorcerer$8$Scintillating Pattern
wizard$8$Scintillating Pattern
sorcerer$2$Scorching Ray
wizard$2$Scorching Ray
sorcerer$8$Screen
wizard$8$Screen
bard$3$Scrying
cleric$5$Scrying
druid$4$Scrying
sorcerer$4$Scrying
wizard$4$Scrying
bard$6$Scrying, Greater
cleric$7$Scrying, Greater
druid$7$Scrying, Greater
sorcerer$7$Scrying, Greater
wizard$7$Scrying, Greater
bard$3$Sculpt Sound
cleric$3$Searing Light
sorcerer$5$Secret Chest
wizard$5$Secret Chest
bard$3$Secret Page
sorcerer$3$Secret Page
wizard$3$Secret Page
bard$4$Secure Shelter
sorcerer$4$Secure Shelter
wizard$4$Secure Shelter
bard$3$See Invisibility
sorcerer$2$See Invisibility
wizard$2$See Invisibility
bard$5$Seeming
sorcerer$5$Seeming
wizard$5$Seeming
cleric$4$Sending
sorcerer$5$Sending
wizard$5$Sending
bard$3$Sepia Snake Sigil
sorcerer$3$Sepia Snake Sigil
wizard$3$Sepia Snake Sigil
sorcerer$7$Sequester
wizard$7$Sequester
sorcerer$9$Shades
wizard$9$Shades
bard$4$Shadow Conjuration
sorcerer$4$Shadow Conjuration
wizard$4$Shadow Conjuration
sorcerer$7$Shadow Conjuration, Greater
wizard$7$Shadow Conjuration, Greater
bard$5$Shadow Evocation
sorcerer$5$Shadow Evocation
wizard$5$Shadow Evocation
sorcerer$8$Shadow Evocation, Greater
wizard$8$Shadow Evocation, Greater
bard$5$Shadow Walk
sorcerer$6$Shadow Walk
wizard$6$Shadow Walk
druid$9$Shambler
druid$9$Shapechange
sorcerer$9$Shapechange
wizard$9$Shapechange
bard$2$Shatter
cleric$2$Shatter
sorcerer$2$Shatter
wizard$2$Shatter
sorcerer$1$Shield
wizard$1$Shield
cleric$1$Shield of Faith
cleric$8$Shield of Law
cleric$2$Shield Other
paladin$2$Shield Other
druid$1$Shillelagh
sorcerer$1$Shocking Grasp
wizard$1$Shocking Grasp
bard$4$Shout
sorcerer$4$Shout
wizard$4$Shout
bard$6$Shout, Greater
sorcerer$8$Shout, Greater
wizard$8$Shout, Greater
sorcerer$3$Shrink Item
wizard$3$Shrink Item
bard$2$Silence
cleric$2$Silence
bard$1$Silent Image
sorcerer$1$Silent Image
wizard$1$Silent Image
sorcerer$7$Simulacrum
wizard$7$Simulacrum
cleric$5$Slay Living
bard$1$Sleep
sorcerer$1$Sleep
wizard$1$Sleep
druid$3$Sleet Storm
sorcerer$3$Sleet Storm
wizard$3$Sleet Storm
bard$3$Slow
sorcerer$3$Slow
wizard$3$Slow
ranger$2$Snare
druid$3$Snare
druid$2$Soften Earth and Stone
sorcerer$4$Solid Fog
wizard$4$Solid Fog
bard$5$Song of Discord
cleric$9$Soul Bind
sorcerer$9$Soul Bind
wizard$9$Soul Bind
bard$2$Sound Burst
cleric$2$Sound Burst
bard$3$Speak with Animals
druid$1$Speak with Animals
ranger$1$Speak with Animals
cleric$3$Speak with Dead
bard$4$Speak with Plants
druid$3$Speak with Plants
ranger$2$Speak with Plants
sorcerer$2$Spectral Hand
wizard$2$Spectral Hand
cleric$4$Spell Immunity
cleric$8$Spell Immunity, Greater
cleric$5$Spell Resistance
druid$6$Spellstaff
sorcerer$7$Spell Turning
wizard$7$Spell Turning
druid$2$Spider Climb
sorcerer$2$Spider Climb
wizard$2$Spider Climb
druid$3$Spike Growth
ranger$2$Spike Growth
druid$4$Spike Stones
cleric$2$Spiritual Weapon
sorcerer$7$Statue
wizard$7$Statue
cleric$2$Status
sorcerer$3$Stinking Cloud
wizard$3$Stinking Cloud
cleric$3$Stone Shape
druid$3$Stone Shape
sorcerer$4$Stone Shape
wizard$4$Stone Shape
druid$5$Stoneskin
sorcerer$4$Stoneskin
wizard$4$Stoneskin
druid$6$Stone Tell
sorcerer$6$Stone to Flesh
wizard$6$Stone to Flesh
druid$9$Storm of Vengeance
cleric$9$Storm of Vengeance
bard$2$Suggestion
sorcerer$3$Suggestion
wizard$3$Suggestion
bard$5$Suggestion, Mass
sorcerer$6$Suggestion, Mass
wizard$6$Suggestion, Mass
bard$0$Summon Instrument
bard$1$Summon Monster I
cleric$1$Summon Monster I
sorcerer$1$Summon Monster I
wizard$1$Summon Monster I
bard$2$Summon Monster II
cleric$2$Summon Monster II
sorcerer$2$Summon Monster II
wizard$2$Summon Monster II
bard$3$Summon Monster III
cleric$3$Summon Monster III
sorcerer$3$Summon Monster III
wizard$3$Summon Monster III
bard$4$Summon Monster IV
cleric$4$Summon Monster IV
sorcerer$4$Summon Monster IV
wizard$4$Summon Monster IV
bard$5$Summon Monster V
cleric$5$Summon Monster V
sorcerer$5$Summon Monster V
wizard$5$Summon Monster V
bard$6$Summon Monster VI
cleric$6$Summon Monster VI
sorcerer$6$Summon Monster VI
wizard$6$Summon Monster VI
cleric$7$Summon Monster VII
sorcerer$7$Summon Monster VII
wizard$7$Summon Monster VII
cleric$8$Summon Monster VIII
sorcerer$8$Summon Monster VIII
wizard$8$Summon Monster VIII
cleric$9$Summon Monster IX
sorcerer$9$Summon Monster IX
wizard$9$Summon Monster IX
bard$2$Summon Swarm
druid$2$Summon Swarm
sorcerer$2$Summon Swarm
wizard$2$Summon Swarm
druid$7$Sunbeam
druid$8$Sunburst
sorcerer$8$Sunburst
wizard$8$Sunburst
cleric$8$Symbol of Death
sorcerer$8$Symbol of Death
wizard$8$Symbol of Death
cleric$6$Symbol of Fear
sorcerer$6$Symbol of Fear
wizard$6$Symbol of Fear
cleric$8$Symbol of Insanity
sorcerer$8$Symbol of Insanity
wizard$8$Symbol of Insanity
cleric$5$Symbol of Pain
sorcerer$5$Symbol of Pain
wizard$5$Symbol of Pain
cleric$6$Symbol of Persuasion
sorcerer$6$Symbol of Persuasion
wizard$6$Symbol of Persuasion
cleric$5$Symbol of Sleep
sorcerer$5$Symbol of Sleep
wizard$5$Symbol of Sleep
cleric$7$Symbol of Stunning
sorcerer$7$Symbol of Stunning
wizard$7$Symbol of Stunning
cleric$7$Symbol of Weakness
sorcerer$7$Symbol of Weakness
wizard$7$Symbol of Weakness
bard$6$Sympathetic Vibration
druid$9$Sympathy
sorcerer$8$Sympathy
wizard$8$Sympathy
sorcerer$5$Telekinesis
wizard$5$Telekinesis
sorcerer$8$Telekinetic Sphere
wizard$8$Telekinetic Sphere
sorcerer$5$Telepathic Bond
wizard$5$Telepathic Bond
sorcerer$5$Teleport
wizard$5$Teleport
sorcerer$7$Teleport Object
wizard$7$Teleport Object
sorcerer$7$Teleport, Greater
wizard$7$Teleport, Greater
sorcerer$9$Teleportation Circle
wizard$9$Teleportation Circle
sorcerer$8$Temporal Stasis
wizard$8$Temporal Stasis
sorcerer$9$Time Stop
wizard$9$Time Stop
bard$3$Tiny Hut
sorcerer$3$Tiny Hut
wizard$3$Tiny Hut
bard$2$Tongues
cleric$4$Tongues
sorcerer$3$Tongues
wizard$3$Tongues
sorcerer$0$Touch of Fatigue
wizard$0$Touch of Fatigue
sorcerer$2$Touch of Idiocy
wizard$2$Touch of Idiocy
sorcerer$6$Transformation
wizard$6$Transformation
druid$7$Transmute Metal to Wood
druid$5$Transmute Mud to Rock
sorcerer$5$Transmute Mud to Rock
wizard$5$Transmute Mud to Rock
druid$5$Transmute Rock to Mud
sorcerer$5$Transmute Rock to Mud
wizard$5$Transmute Rock to Mud
druid$6$Transport via Plants
sorcerer$8$Trap the Soul
wizard$8$Trap the Soul
druid$2$Tree Shape
ranger$3$Tree Shape
druid$5$Tree Stride
ranger$4$Tree Stride
cleric$9$True Resurrection
cleric$5$True Seeing
druid$7$True Seeing
sorcerer$6$True Seeing
wizard$6$True Seeing
sorcerer$1$True Strike
wizard$1$True Strike
cleric$6$Undeath to Death
sorcerer$6$Undeath to Death
wizard$6$Undeath to Death
bard$1$Undetectable Alignment
cleric$2$Undetectable Alignment
paladin$2$Undetectable Alignment
cleric$5$Unhallow
druid$5$Unhallow
cleric$8$Unholy Aura
bard$1$Unseen Servant
sorcerer$1$Unseen Servant
wizard$1$Unseen Servant
sorcerer$3$Vampiric Touch
wizard$3$Vampiric Touch
bard$6$Veil
sorcerer$6$Veil
wizard$6$Veil
bard$1$Ventriloquism
sorcerer$1$Ventriloquism
wizard$1$Ventriloquism
cleric$0$Virtue
druid$0$Virtue
paladin$1$Virtue
sorcerer$7$Vision
wizard$7$Vision
sorcerer$9$Wail of the Banshee
wizard$9$Wail of the Banshee
druid$5$Wall of Fire
sorcerer$4$Wall of Fire
wizard$4$Wall of Fire
sorcerer$5$Wall of Force
wizard$5$Wall of Force
sorcerer$4$Wall of Ice
wizard$4$Wall of Ice
sorcerer$6$Wall of Iron
wizard$6$Wall of Iron
cleric$5$Wall of Stone
druid$6$Wall of Stone
sorcerer$5$Wall of Stone
wizard$5$Wall of Stone
druid$5$Wall of Thorns
druid$2$Warp Wood
cleric$3$Water Breathing
druid$3$Water Breathing
sorcerer$3$Water Breathing
wizard$3$Water Breathing
cleric$3$Water Walk
ranger$3$Water Walk
sorcerer$7$Waves of Exhaustion
wizard$7$Waves of Exhaustion
sorcerer$5$Waves of Fatigue
wizard$5$Waves of Fatigue
sorcerer$2$Web
wizard$2$Web
sorcerer$9$Weird
wizard$9$Weird
druid$8$Whirlwind
bard$2$Whispering Wind
sorcerer$2$Whispering Wind
wizard$2$Whispering Wind
cleric$6$Wind Walk
druid$7$Wind Walk
cleric$3$Wind Wall
druid$3$Wind Wall
ranger$2$Wind Wall
sorcerer$3$Wind Wall
wizard$3$Wind Wall
sorcerer$9$Wish
wizard$9$Wish
druid$2$Wood Shape
cleric$7$Word of Chaos
cleric$6$Word of Recall
druid$8$Word of Recall
bard$4$Zone of Silence
cleric$2$Zone of Truth
paladin$2$Zone of Truth
